Ensure Lambda package hash is deterministic (#1673) (#1725)
DataBiosphere/azul: README.md

## 2.1 Development Prerequisites

> - Python 3.8 (3.7 does not work) with `pip`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Python 3.8 (no other Python 3.x is supported) with `pip`.
```

Author: Going instead with "(no other version is supported)" since this excludes even non 3.x versions.

Reviewer: Please use my version.

> - Python 3.8 (no other version is supported) with `pip`.

Reviewer: I prefer my version. Final call.

wheel manually:

```

> $ docker run -it -v ${azul_home}/:/root/azul python:3.8.2-stretch bash

Reviewer: Be sure to try if this still works.

Author: My mistake, I didn't read the documentation above. I have since re-build the wheel and replaced the old one in source control. I also updated this log.

root:/# pip --version

> pip 19.1.1 from /usr/local/lib/python3.8/site-packages/pip (python 3.8)

Reviewer: … and if this is still the actual output.

Author: Updated the output.
